Fix boost compilation and linking issues with recent clang (#2662)
hyrise/hyrise: CMakeLists.txt

>     compiler_not_supported("You are using an unsupported compiler (${CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_ID})! Compilation has only been tested with Clang (Linux + OS X) and GCC (Linux).")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    compiler_not_supported("You are using an unsupported compiler (${CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_ID})! Compilation has only been tested with Clang (Linux + macOS) and GCC (Linux).")
```

endif()

if ("${CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_ID}" MATCHES ".*Clang")
     if (CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_VERSION VERSION_GREATER_EQUAL 18.0 AND CMAKE_CXX_COMPILER_VERSION VERSION_LESS 20.0)
         # Clang 18/19 warn when switch statements do not have a default case even when the entire enum is covered (see
         # https://github.com/llvm/llvm-project/blob/7d9634e527fe52bf20a9036be6e5771f8fc4de17/clang/test/Sema/switch-default.cpp#L19).

>          # As clang also (correctly) complains when not all enum cases are handled, we disable this warning.

Reviewer: which warning? :b

Reviewer: This was exactly what I meant.

find_package(Readline REQUIRED)
find_package(Curses REQUIRED)
find_package(SQLite3 REQUIRED)

> # Old versions of CMake used the FindBoost module, which is deprecated because find_package can now find the upstream package directly.

Reviewer 2: What exactly does "upstream package" mean here?

Comment can be written on two lines.

Author: See [here](https://cmake.org/cmake/help/latest/policy/CMP0167.html)

find_package(Readline REQUIRED)
find_package(Curses REQUIRED)
find_package(SQLite3 REQUIRED)

# Old versions of CMake used the FindBoost module, which is deprecated because find_package can now find
# the upstream package directly. Therefore, disable it explicitly.

> SET(BOOST_MIN_VERSION "1.81.0")

Reviewer: ```suggestion
set(BOOST_MIN_VERSION "1.81.0")
```
